README.md, before:

# ModCloth App

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/modcloth/ansible-role-modcloth-app.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/modcloth/ansible-role-modcloth-app)

Application deployment bits for ModCloth

## Requirements &amp; Dependencies

The [`docker_pull`](
https://github.com/modcloth-labs/ansible-module-docker-pull) module is used to
pull docker containers.

## Variables

``` yaml
---
# Application name used in file paths, service actions, etc.
modcloth_app_name: app

# The type of application to be deployed, either "long-running" or "cron"
modcloth_app_type: long-running

# Environment variable mapping written to /etc/default/{{ modcloth_app_name }}
# which is passed to `docker run` via `--env-file`
modcloth_app_env: {}

# Equivalent of `CMD` to be passed to `docker run`
modcloth_app_docker_command: ""

# Repository portion of docker image specification, e.g. "busybox",
# "quay.io/modcloth/foo"
modcloth_app_docker_repo: ""

# Tag portion of docker image specification, e.g.: "latest", "master"
modcloth_app_docker_tag: latest

# Proxy port for docker container, passed via `-p` to `docker run`
modcloth_app_docker_port: 3000

# Cron job schedule
modcloth_app_cron_schedule: "* * * * *"

# Template used for the file written to /etc/default/{{ modcloth_app_name }}
modcloth_app_etc_default_template: etc-default.j2

# Template used for the file written to /etc/init/{{ modcloth_app_name }}.conf
modcloth_app_upstart_conf_template: upstart.conf.j2

# Template used for the file written to
# /usr/local/bin/{{ modcloth_app_name }}-cron-wrapper
modcloth_app_cron_wrapper_template: cron-wrapper.sh.j2
```

## License

Licensed under the MIT license.  See the [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

Add modcloth_app_cron_stdin_command to README

README.md, after:

# ModCloth App

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/modcloth/ansible-role-modcloth-app.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/modcloth/ansible-role-modcloth-app)

Application deployment bits for ModCloth

## Requirements &amp; Dependencies

The [`docker_pull`](
https://github.com/modcloth-labs/ansible-module-docker-pull) module is used to
pull docker containers.

## Variables

``` yaml
---
# Application name used in file paths, service actions, etc.
modcloth_app_name: app

# The type of application to be deployed, either "long-running" or "cron"
modcloth_app_type: long-running

# Environment variable mapping written to /etc/default/{{ modcloth_app_name }}
# which is passed to `docker run` via `--env-file`
modcloth_app_env: {}

# Equivalent of `CMD` to be passed to `docker run`
modcloth_app_docker_command: ""

# Repository portion of docker image specification, e.g. "busybox",
# "quay.io/modcloth/foo"
modcloth_app_docker_repo: ""

# Tag portion of docker image specification, e.g.: "latest", "master"
modcloth_app_docker_tag: latest

# Proxy port for docker container, passed via `-p` to `docker run`
modcloth_app_docker_port: 3000

# Cron job schedule
modcloth_app_cron_schedule: "* * * * *"

# Template used for the file written to /etc/default/{{ modcloth_app_name }}
modcloth_app_etc_default_template: etc-default.j2

# Template used for the file written to /etc/init/{{ modcloth_app_name }}.conf
modcloth_app_upstart_conf_template: upstart.conf.j2

# Template used for the file written to
# /usr/local/bin/{{ modcloth_app_name }}-cron-wrapper
modcloth_app_cron_wrapper_template: cron-wrapper.sh.j2

# Command to execute and pass to STDIN of docker process
# Use this, e.g., to with another process that feeds required data to your proccess over STDIN
modcloth_app_cron_stdin_command: ""
```

## License

Licensed under the MIT license.  See the [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file for details.
